Lower your right shoulder, and lift your chin a little.
Smile a bit.
That's great. 1, 2, 3.
Is she done? Let's go.
All right.
I told you to hurry!
I want tteokbokki. I might die of starvation.
I'm dying.
Didn't you say you used up all your pocket money...
to buy this? Do you have money?
We have yours.
I bought this yesterday.
No, I need to buy "Highteen".
I can't use my money. Anthony is on the cover this month.
- Jin Jin. - Jin Jin.
- Please buy us tteokbokki. - I can't.
There are seven photos of Anthony in it.
Do you want your friend to die of starvation?
- You won't die. - Is Anthony more important than us?
Yes.
How much is it?
Do you want me to give it to you for free?
- What? - Really? For real?
- But I have a favor to ask. - What is it?
You know the photo in front of the store...
- It's her sister, Ho Sung. - Yes.
Oh, my.
Sir, who's the girl in the photo at the front?
What photo are you talking about?
The high school student. She has an aura.
Oh, that one.
Yes, yes. Thank you.
Ji Won.
All right.
Ji Won left Hangeum-dong.
He disappeared without even saying goodbye.
(The fourth story)
He left on a summer day when we were 18 years old.
(Christmas in August)
(Episode 7)
She's cheating, cheating for real
- She's cheating, cheating for real - She's cheating, cheating for real
Hey, you!
- Let's run! - Let's run!
She's cheating, cheating for real
He came again.
You should go closer to him.
- Go see him. - He watches you from faraway.
Go closer to him.
- We don't have time. Let's go. - You should talk to him.
- He never comes near you. - I know.
Gosh.
- Let's get the blue one. - This is really delicious.
- The blue one is the best. - I need to go on a diet.
Did you watch a movie?
- Yes. - Alone?
Yes.
That's great. I was going to get some udon.
Do you want to go to eat at a street stall?
I don't want to. I'm busy.
It's 2am.
- Are you angry? - No.
You acted like this when you told me we weren't going to be friends.
That was when I recorded Shin Hae Chul's song...
on Anthony's tape.
Did I do something wrong?
- No. - It's not me, right?
I'm happy to see you again after such a long time.
Where have you been?
I texted you to explain everything.
I couldn't see it. My phone is broken.
Right.
I have a lot of things I want to talk to you about,
and there's someone I want to introduce to you.
It's been a while since I last saw Ah Reum and Young Shim.
(Sa Min Ho)
- Hello? - Are you the "Ugly Sister"?
What?
(Hangeum Police Station)
You should stay here.
People might spread rumors if they see you here.
It's all right.
Stay here.
I'll be back.
- Why me? - Thank you.
- What did I do wrong? - Gosh.
- Let me go! - Come here.
I was supposed to be hired.
They know who they're going to employ.
I shouldn't have believed him.
It's all right. Let's go.
- Gosh. - Gosh.
Let's go.
Pick me, pick me, pick me up Pick me, pick me, pick me up
Pick me, pick me, pick me
I want you to pick me up
- Hey. - Who are you?
Are you upset again?
I know her, my second big sister.
How can I not?
She's the ugliest girl in the whole universe.
Not only is she ugly, but she also has a bad temper.
Not only does she have a bad temper, but she also never washes at home.
But outside, she acts like she's the prettiest person.
- Watch it. - Jin Jin.
Recently, I've been thinking...
you look more like a guy than a girl.
Hey!
Do you remember?
It was before he started school.
He got beaten up by some other kids in the playground.
That happened a lot.
He was left out for not having a brother.
I showed up one day and put everyone in line.
"If you touch Min Ho again, I'll beat you up."
"Don't you dare."
That is what I'd love to be able to say happened,
but I got beaten up by a sixth-grader myself.
I was a bit short then.
Min Ho still said he liked me the most.
He always said he wanted to swap...
his two sisters for me.
Thanks.
For that day and today.
And at the airport.
We met once more after that.
My passport?
I haven't unpacked my stuff from Hong Kong.
I found it.
We met once more after that.
Could you give this back to Sa Jin Jin, please?
She's staying here, I believe.
- Sure, my pleasure. - Thank you.
When was this taken?
That's when she was in school.
No, no, it was taken that day.
Ji Won's dad.
You're right. It was around this time of the year.
It's a few days from now.
I wonder what he's up to now.
Didn't someone see him a few years ago?
In Yangpyeong's bus terminal.
I hope he's okay.
Mom, did you see my photos? I had them laid out.
That's the one.
- This? - Yes.
- What are these for? - I have to give it to the magazine.
We took a trip down memory lane.
Look at this one.
You're so tiny.
You don't remember that day, do you?
What? No.
You were too young. Where are you going?
To my agency to drop these off. See you.
Okay, bye.
Wasn't I adorable?
I dreamed of...
eating a ham sandwich here with Anthony.
You're acting like you don't want to now.
How did you know that?
Do you know that you become...
a different person when you talk about Anthony?
Look at you in this one.
You were a homebody, but you were always out here.
Does that make sense?
Did your efforts pay off?
Real fans never gain anything.
I went there more often than I studied, but I never saw him.
You'd have gone to a top university if you'd studied that hard.
I would have.
Do you know how many ham sandwiches I had there?
That's why I can't stand them now.
I might be able to eat one if I were with Anthony.
You said you ordered food. Where is it? I'm hungry.
Hong Hee.
Is this it?
Eat this.
It has two slices of cheese and bacon.
- You're so witty. - Thank you.
So what are you up to at home?
Nothing.
Enjoy that life while you still can.
We're getting a lot of offers,
but nothing's worthwhile.
- Director Shin... - He'll call one day.
How about "We Got Married"?
- They're calling nonstop. - The variety show?
It's over.
They're coming back with a fifth season.
Everyone knows you never dated.
They want you to have your first relationship on camera.
That's just as ludicrous as Socrates eating rice in soup.
Should she just do variety shows? Is she an entertainer?
She's an actress.
I'm sorry.
Don't take it out on him!
- Hong Hee, eat up. - Okay.
Oh, dear. Oh, dear.
(Mom)
The receiver cannot be reached...
Why is this fool not picking up?
He's so useless.
- Oh, dear. I'll... - Let me help.
- It's me, ma'am. - Isn't it?
My goodness. Ji Won.
- How have you been? - Oh, dear.
You're Ji Won, aren't you? I don't believe this.
I live on the 13th floor.
I wanted to say hi, but it got delayed.
- I'm sorry. - Don't be. I'm glad you're back.
The nights were getting longer, and I thought of you.
Ji Won, it's so good to see you're back.
What about your mom? Where is she?
How could you?
Kwang Hee, you're so heartless.
Why didn't you tell us before?
I'm sorry.
Because of my Ho Sung...
So how have you been?
How was life? Did you live okay?
Mi Kyung, actually, I...
I talked to Mi Kyung.
Did you cry?
Anything will get the waterworks going at my age.
Will you come over on Thursday?
- Yes. - My goodness.
I'll finally get to see my son. Did you have dinner?
I will now.
- Ta-da. - Gosh.
Mom said you can't have jjajangmyeon.
Don't tell Mom.
It's our secret. Sealed.
Watch carefully, Ji Won.
This is the tastiest way to eat this.
Here you go.
You won't forget this, will you?
No.
- Even after I'm gone? - Yes.
[VIU Ver] E07 20th Century Boy & Girl "An Unexpected Turn of Event"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Good morning.
I'm sorry for being late.
- Lawyer Jang. - Yes.
Did you do the research for recent decisions made for...
- the university student protesters? - Yes, one minute, please.
Analyze those.
Then write up a petition to turn in to the commission on human rights.
Oh, all right.
- And... - Yes?
what about the victims of habitual violence in Hanguk University?
I talked to them and left a record.
Check if there are more victims.
Yes, sir.
Lawyer Kang, you must be very busy.
Ma'am, should we grab a cup of coffee?
Of course, thank you.
Oh, I'll get it.
How did you know?
I prefer coffee made by you.
Goodness, look at your desk.
Your desk is a mess.
Goodness, this is like a pigpen.
Oh, you can leave that. I'll clean it up...
Look at this, you don't even separate your trash.
You're giving me a lot of work.
Oh, I'll do it myself. Give me one second.
Goodness, you're dripping coffee all over the garbage can.
How much mess are you making for a cup of coffee?
You really don't have a way with chores.
You're of no use.
There was a spoon right there.
Why would you use the packet?
- I'm sorry. - You're making my life hard.
Some people only make a mess, while other only clean up.
- Do you want a hotteok? - Sure, sounds great.
Could you hurry?
- That looks great. - This one is for you.
(The Four Bongos)
Hey, hotteok lover, what are you up to?
The hotteok lady is out. Do you want to come out?
I'm eating dinner with people from work. I'll be late.
It's the hotteok lover's D-day.
Oh, is this your first day of dating?
Bingo!
Ah Reum. Han Ah Reum.
Mom, what is it?
Over here. Can you take this?
And this one.
What's all this?
Can't you tell?
These are the things...
I stocked up to give you if and when you get married.
I can't believe I went through all this trouble.
- Why did you bring them down? - Why do you ask?
I can't leave them to rot forever...
up in the cupboard.
I'm giving them to your youngest aunt. She recently bought a house.
No, put them back. Put them back in there.
Goodness, you're so greedy.
No.
Mom, I'll get married soon.
I'm running out of breath from badmouthing you.
Give me three more months, Mom.
I'll bring a guy home soon,
so you can get washed up,
and be ready to greet him.
Let's continue after you bring home a guy.
Mom, I'm on my way out to meet a man.
Gosh, did you pour a bottle of perfume on yourself?
Go and clean up your room.
Your room is such a mess.
That hurts.
Where are you? I got here already.
(Co-pilot Lee Dong Hoon, Where are you? I got here already.)
I'm almost there. I'll see you soon.
- Ms. Han. - Oh, hey. You're here.
- The co-pilot is almost here. - Really?
Hey, you look prettier.
- Is there a happy occasion? - No, not really.
Right, Ms. Han. Take this.
What is this?
You said it was pretty in Vietnam, so I got that in Itaewon.
Goodness, you have such a great sense.
How did you remember?
My gosh, you're so smart.
Isn't it pretty?
Yes, it is. It's so pretty. Thank you so much.
Hello.
Right, he should sit across from me to get a better look at my face.
He's sitting at a 45-degree angle. This is great.
Mr. Lee, was the traffic bad?
- I'm a bit late. - No, don't worry.
My teammates aren't here either. Where are they?
- Cheers! - Cheers!
- Hee Jin. - Yes.
I thought you wouldn't like a place like this.
I love it, but no one would ask me to go.
- Hee Jin. - Yes.
Do you know what I think whenever I see you?
What do you think?
There's an angel in front of me.
- Cheers! - Cheers!
- All right. - Bottoms up.
All right.
This is great.
Ms. Han.
- Mr. Lee, how old are you? - I'm 28.
Do you have a girlfriend?
There's someone I like.
That means you don't have a girlfriend.
Who's your type?
To be honest, you're just my type,
but I'm five years older than you.
Gosh, how disappointing.
- Age isn't important. - Exactly.
- I don't care about her age. - A 50 percent chance.
- I like someone who's bright. - 75 percent.
- Someone who's cheerful. - 90 percent.
You know, someone who makes you happy when you're with them.
A happy virus.
This sounds exactly like...
100 percent.
Ji Hye.
No way.
- No, stop it. - Stop saying that.
- I mean it, no way. - My gosh.
- Oh, don't be shy. - Come on, don't say that.
- Order more meat. - Okay.
- Excuse me. - Yes?
- We'll take two more orders each. - Okay.
My goodness.
I told you to come upstairs to join us for dinner.
Oh, right.
Goodbye.
- Do you eat kimchi now? - Yes.
- Tell me if you need more. - Okay.
- Goodbye. - Bye.
You need to eat breakfast.
This is made with red beans, so keep it in the fridge.
- Okay. - Okay, goodbye.
- Do you have a microwave? - Yes.
Three minutes in the microwave.
- Three minutes? - Yes.
Three minutes.
Where did she go?
She went to the restroom. She felt like throwing up.
She wasn't there.
Why didn't you follow her?
She told me to stay because I was drunker than she was.
- Where's Mr. Lee? - No idea.
What's going on?
Ji Hye. Ji Hye...
Ji Hye.
Where did she go?
Hey, Ji Hye.
- Ji Hye, are you all right? - I don't know.
Drink this.
I really like this song.
You shouldn't like sad songs...
because you'll probably never be sad again.
- Cheers. - Cheers.
- Do you like grapes? - Yes, I do.
What's wrong? Why aren't you saying anything? It's been a few days.
- What? - About the co-pilot. What happened?
Oh, him? I don't like him anymore.
I saw him that day...
and found out he had bad skin and a big face.
I didn't know this when he was sitting down, but he has long waist.
He has yellow teeth too.
Goodness.
He's just a kid. A kid.
And the most important thing is, he's not funny at all.
He's so boring. No, thank you.
He's so boring.
And he's dating Ji Hye.
- What? - She must be crazy.
Give me her number. How dare she get your man?
She must be out of her mind.
She's not just out of her mind. She must be a crazy scum.
Give me her number now.
Gosh, she's not a bad person. She's really nice.
You're too nice.
- Gosh. - Gosh, it was so embarrassing.
There's nothing to be ashamed of.
It doesn't get embarrassing after a few tries.
Yes. And today, you can do anything you want.
- Forget about it. - That'd be great.
This is why I can never leave you.
- It's cold. - Are you cold?
- Do you want a blanket? - Yes, please.
It used to be so hot, but now fall must be coming.
The season of Gong Ji Won.
- It used to remind me of Ji Won. - Why?
You know about Ji Won's father. It happened around this time.
It happened between summer and fall, in a weather like this.
The weather feels like...
a person's heart when they lose their interest in someone...
after being in passionate love.
Do you even know what love is?
I read it on a script. Do you have a problem with that?
Isn't it strange, though?
We can remember that day so clearly.
Right.
Wasn't it on August 25 when Ji Won's dad passed away?
Yes.
Christmas in August.
("Universal Emotions")
That's you, right?
- Yes. - I knew it.
I saw my brother reading this and found you here.
Gosh, this definitely proves it.
Why? Did you think I was lying to you?
No, I just envy you.
But why are you wearing a short sleeved shirt? Look at the date.
Christmas in August?
You don't need to know.
Ji Won, can I ask you for advice?
There are two things.
There's one big trouble and another really big trouble.
What should I start with?
The lighter one.
Li Ka Shing is coming to Korea next week.
Really?
Gosh, we'd have a lot of things to prepare.
Do we need merger and acquisition project plan for National Chemicals?
We would need to reexamine the business plan...
- and the organization plan. - All right.
Next, what's your bigger problem?
I think I need to get married.
I'm serious.
I'm an eighth-generation only son.
And my father becomes 80 next year.
I think he's just fine,
but he keeps saying he could die any day now.
He wants me to bring someone within this month.
I really don't want to get married.
- It does sound like a big problem. - I know, right?
Don't your parents nag you?
My father really...
drives me crazy.
He says that his wish is to have a grandson before he dies.
He calls me every day to tell me that.
It's a cake.
Is it your birthday today, Dad?
No.
I like cakes,
so Mom bought it for me.
Let's make a wish before we blow out the candles.
All right.
Let's blow out the candles.
- 1, 2, 3. - 1, 2, 3.
Did you make a wish, Ji Won?
What was it about?
Did you wish for a police car?
No.
Then was it for a fire engine?
- A bus? - No.
Really? Then what was it about? Is it a secret?
No.
Then what is it?
I wished that you would both live...
until you're 100 years old.
Come here, Ji Won.
Dad.
How about you, Dad? What was your wish?
I wished that I could live to see...
you go to school.
Just that, nothing more.
(Episode 8 will air shortly.)